PT-1105 All diabeloop devices are an automated basal models (#43)
mdblp/viz: CHANGELOG.md

# Yourloops data visualization for diabetes device data
This node package is a dependency of Blip and was forked from tidepool/viz.

## 0.10.2 - 2020-02-11 
### Fixed

> - PT-1105 All diabeloop devices are an automated basal models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PT-1105 All diabeloop devices are considered as _automated basal_ models
```
